https://dev.to/iggredible/the-only-vim-insert-mode-cheatsheet-you-ever-needed-nk9

auto brackets https://vi.stackexchange.com/questions/31702/how-to-make-vim-automatically-insert-closing-delimiters-and-new-lines-like-subli

https://learnbyexample.github.io/vim_reference/Insert-mode.html

https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Word_wrap_without_line_breaks

there is a cat, with brown and white, and black and white colors
but the thing is, it is still a cat. 

the virtual reality is the colors, but it does not matter, it is still a cat.

you must know the point of what you are doing and focus only on that point.

a thing which does not change is what guides and fuels the change. grab and know that thing. it may not be the void yet but you must figure that out in everything you do so that you will not be lost.

it might be that all the changes you have done is still under the same constant and is affected by that constant. but all of that change can not change or affect that constant.

it does not matter what you do anyway you are gonna die. it does not matter what keys you have pressed because anyway you have not pressed the insert button. All you have done is within that hour. All of your explaination is about that person. So all it all does not matter. Everything you have said and what will say is still about that person.

aggression and element of surprise. All you do is that, may it be slow or fast, simple or complex, no matter how many chain of techniques, you do not need to memorize, all you do is that, in the name of "aggression and element of surprise". And that is all that matters. you can move in very high speed, without even thinking but simply accomplishing that main point, and all that you do will be correct. 

no matter how fast you have typed, in every moment you made sure every letter was correct. (made sure every letter was correct) that is the point and that is all that matters). You can then re-trace everything you have done, allthough it may not be exactly the same, but all was done in the name of (you made sure every letter was correct and the cursur was only pointing at what needed to be changed.)

Masaaki hatsumi said, may it be that the oponent is fighting through, to penetrate against the spear, sword, daggers or knives of the ninja, it still does not matter, there is no opening that could penetrate the obelisk(the main fighting point of the ninja, "to survive") 

I know this point, which means all of that. Or all of that could have happened or will happen.

